Welcome back and this lecture we're going to code out the solutions for your first assessment in the
team I'll crash course.
Let's head over to the text editor to get started.
All right here you have a basic h tim l file that is totally blank and in my browser over here on the
right hand side I have the actual solution file linked to it so I can see what I need to build out and
then and the other time I have a blank file which is just as basic T.M..
So let's make sure that these are all linked together.
I'm going to type out HVM l enter and we'll go ahead and in the body start with that heading.
So say Heading 1.
And if we take a look at the solution file it says Welcome to my Web site.
So let's add that into the heading File.
Welcome to my test site Save it.
Come over here refreshed and it looks like they are linked and I have the heading one.
So now I can just say something like welcome to my Web site and have the match up.
OK so that was the first to those here.
We have a heading and will have a heading here.
Keep in mind I have different levels of zoom here.
So if the font doesn't actually match exactly size wise that's not a big issue.
OK.
The next thing you should notice is the exercise title over here and the tab is actually a different
title than just the basic HTL title.
So what we're going to do is say exercise title inside of my title so I'll save that and then I should
see when I refresh that tab change up here.
Up next it looks like I have three paragraphs and one of them noticed is an anchor tag.
So let's add those in we'll start with the first paragraph tag and this one just says I'm excited to
eventually learn flask.
So let's just say the same thing.
I am excited excited to learn flask and then we have an anchor tied to the way that works is we say
for anchor and then we need to give it a reference.
So this is linked to the official flask Web site and if you click on the link instead of the solution
file or if you just google search flask documentation or Veloce Web site you'll notice that it has kind
of a funny u r l s flask p o c o o or.
And then we're going to do here is actually typed in the text we want to show it.
So we'll say here is a link to flask website save that and then let's refresh my page.
Now it says I'm excited to learn a flask.
Here's a link to the flask Web site let's open that link in a new tab and make sure it works.
And there we go.
It looks like it's working just fine.
Let's add in that last paragraph tag.
That says here is a picture of a puppy.
And then we actually provided the picture for you.
All you need to do was say an image tag and then say the source was that puppy pic so we'll see puppy
underscore pick.
Jay Pead And remember this puppy pic thought she asked to be in the same location as your HTML file.
Otherwise you'll need to pass in the entire file path for this image file.
And let's come back to our exercise title to refresh this page.
Now I see.
Here's a picture of puppy and this nice puppy pic.
The next thing I wanted to do is if we scroll down we have another tag.
Here are three reasons why Flash is cool.
And then we have an ordered list so I'll add a little paragraph tag for the actual header there that's
saying here are three reasons so here are three reasons for flask and it's not a big deal if your text
in a match exactly.
We're really testing your understanding of each time at elements so this is an ordered list because
it's numbered 1 to 3.
So I will say oh well.
And then provide my list items so I'll say very simple.
The next will be lots of add ons.
And the last one create a site in a few minutes.
Save that lets come back over here to our exercise title.
If I refresh says Here are three words for flask.
Very simple lots of add ons and create a site in a few minutes.
So all you have to do is use the tag and then the list item tags.
OK that was it for the basics of the exercise.
The last thing was this optional extra credit which was can you figure out how to make a picture into
a link.
So the way you do that is you really just combine two tags to compile.
If you combine your anger time with your image tag so that it is typically for the anchor tag.
We have text in here which is what the splays as the linking device but what we could do is just put
an image tag there instead and that will link to the site instead.
So I'm going to show you an example of this will create an anchor tag and will keep it simple or is
going to link back to that flask site will say HTP colon forward slash forge slash flask Poku the org
and it could really be any site and then instead of saying here is the link.
For instance if I receive that and refresh then I say here is the link.
So instead of that I'm going to add in an image tag and in fact I'm just going to copy and paste the
image here for the puppy that we had earlier.
So is copy and paste and put that inside of the sinker.
Save it and if I refresh now I see the image.
But notice the difference in my mouse as they hover over the first image.
This first image is just that jpg file.
This image is actually going to link me when I click link in the tab that's going to link to that flask
website.
So again when I click this image it takes me to the flask website.
When I click on this image nothing happens and you can see my cursor change from just a normal mouse
to the actual hand for the link and that's how you can link an image to another Web site or another
page on your Web site.
OK so main ideas here is that we understand headings paragraph anchor tags and image tags as well as
how to do either an ordered list an art or an unordered list and then we have the ability to also make
images into their own linking devices.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Kewaunee forums.